README.md, before:

# Govspeak Prototype

This is a minimal prototype kit aimed at testing and researching content that's
intended to be published via the [Whitehall Publisher](https://www.gov.uk/guidance/how-to-publish-on-gov-uk).

It uses [Nanoc](https://nanoc.ws/), a static site generator written in Ruby.


## Requirements
- [Ruby](https://www.ruby-lang.org/en/documentation/installation/#homebrew)
- [NPM](https://www.npmjs.com/get-npm)

## Getting going

Clone this app, `cd` to the repo's root directory and run:

``` bash
$ npm install
$ bundle install
```

If that succeeded, we can start the app and have it live reload our changes:

```bash
$ bundle exec nanoc live
```

Navigate to `http://localhost:3000` and if you see this, it worked!

![home page](docs/sample.png)

## Adding content
Pages and assets are stored in the `content/` directory.  
Pages written in [govspeak](https://govspeak-preview.herokuapp.com/guide) must
have the extension `.gs`.

To add a new page create a `.gs` file in the `content` directory, eg
`content/example.gs`, the page will now be available at `http://localhost:3000/example`.  

The `.gs` templates may contain metadata using `yaml` syntax.  
To add a page title add the following to the top of your `.gs` template.

```yaml
---
title: "An example title"
---
```
This will also generate breadcrumbs linking back to the index page.  
View the included index file `content/index.gs` for an example of using
metadata in a govspeak template.

Commit message:

Add a 'What is govspeak?' section to the readme

README.md, after:

# Govspeak Prototype

This is a minimal prototype kit aimed at testing and researching content that's
intended to be published via the [Whitehall Publisher](https://www.gov.uk/guidance/how-to-publish-on-gov-uk).

It uses [Nanoc](https://nanoc.ws/), a static site generator written in Ruby.

## What is govspeak?

[Govspeak](https://github.com/alphagov/govspeak) is a simplified 'markup'
language based on [Markdown](https://commonmark.org/). It's designed to be as
[easy-to-read and easy-to-write](https://govspeak-preview.herokuapp.com/guide)
as possible.

## Requirements
- [Ruby](https://www.ruby-lang.org/en/documentation/installation/#homebrew)
- [NPM](https://www.npmjs.com/get-npm)

## Getting going

Clone this app, `cd` to the repo's root directory and run:

``` bash
$ npm install
$ bundle install
```

If that succeeded, we can start the app and have it live reload our changes:

```bash
$ bundle exec nanoc live
```

Navigate to `http://localhost:3000` and if you see this, it worked!

![home page](docs/sample.png)

## Adding content
Pages and assets are stored in the `content/` directory.  
Pages written in [govspeak](https://govspeak-preview.herokuapp.com/guide) must
have the extension `.gs`.

To add a new page create a `.gs` file in the `content` directory, eg
`content/example.gs`, the page will now be available at `http://localhost:3000/example`.  

The `.gs` templates may contain metadata using `yaml` syntax.  
To add a page title add the following to the top of your `.gs` template.

```yaml
---
title: "An example title"
---
```
This will also generate breadcrumbs linking back to the index page.  
View the included index file `content/index.gs` for an example of using
metadata in a govspeak template.
